Learning objectives (#6)
mitre/fhir-for-research: modules/fhir-history.qmd

  - Clinician Scientist/Trainee

learning_objectives:
  - question: Describe the key limitations of HL7 V2.
    answer: HL7 V2's data format is outdated compared to modern formats like JSON and XML. It also does not support many health-related data types and is not structured enough to support interoperability.
  - question: Describe the key limitations of HL7 V3.
    answer: V3 is structured enough to support interoperability but is difficult to implement and has not been widely adopted.

>   - question: Contrast the characteristics of FHIR to HL7 V2 and V3. Describe how those characteristics influenced its success over the earlier versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - question: Understand how FHIR  is related to HL7 V2 and V3, and how the characteristics of these standards influenced their adoption.
```
